under normal circumstances I wouldn't be
that excited to do a sponsored phone
unboxing but the red magic 99 Pro is the
first device that I've gotten my hands
on with the new Snapdragon 8 gen 3 and
this thing looks sick Qualcomm is
claiming up to 30% better performance up
to 20% better efficiency a 25% faster
GPU not to mention that red Magic's
implementation comes with virginity
armor WoW I'm never going to lose it
this
way anime is cool no judgment seriously
though red magic is claiming that this
is the fastest chip to ever do it and
the phone itself is loaded up with
features first let's take a look at the
accessory package we've got an included
type-c to type-c USB cable as well as
wow imagine that a charger in the box
and not just any charger this is an 80 W
charger that we found took the phone
from Zer to full in just 40 minutes
which is all the more impressive when
you wow this paper is not coming off
there we go it's glossy black which is
all the more impressive when you
consider that the phone itself has a
6500 Milah battery oh wow I thought this
was a sticker but it's not between
phones with cool lighting and ones with
transparent backs like this I am liking
this trend why have a boring black slab
when you can have a cool black slab oh
there's another color way they sent us
let's guess snowfall oh okay white hey
that's not just white though that's that
looks pretty cool and also includes
armor anything in here Sim removal tool
and documentation cool we're looking at
a 50 megapixel another 50 and that is
not a camera that is a cooling fan which
we'll take a look at in a moment the
third one is a 2 megapixel shooter right
here which it's going to be a macro
shooter maybe I don't know they don't
mention it so we'll figure that out
first let's get this thing fired up and
talk about why it matters that these C
cameras are flush I think most people
are kind of used to the camera bump at
this point so why do they care and the
answer is because while it doesn't
matter for holding your phone like this
it matters a lot for holding your phone
like this and these are gaming forward
phones so if you got a camera bump
digging into your knuckle and you're
sitting there using it for 2 3 4 hours
at a time it's going to be pretty
annoying comes with a built-in screen
protector always love to see it thank
you for not nickel and diming me let's
talk basic specs for a moment it's
running red magic OS 9 which is based on
Android 14 and has either 12 or 16 gigs
of lpddr 5x memory with 256 or 512 gigs
of storage did I mention that that fan
is RGB oh my God it's got four separate
LEDs it looks like let's crack open
mobile Forge ah here we go competitive
atmosphere LED wa okay there's an LED
here let's make that one perfect purple
nice they say it spins at up to
22,000 RPM which might be kind of
annoying if you don't have headphones in
uh the good news is why don't we take a
quick tour of the outside of the device
you got your dual SIM slots dual nano
SIM USBC stereo side firing speaker
there's your game mode toggle oo haptic
trigger buttons lock button volume
rocker these have a 520 HZ pulling rate
and feature custom lighting then moving
up to to the top a 3 and 1/ 12 mm
headphone jack let's go another side
firing speaker there's one of your
microphones and another vent for the fan
so this is pulling air in the one side
and Blasting it out the other this must
do some real Cooling in here and it does
we've got results for it firing Up 3D
mark whoa you can immediately hear the
fan kicking a lot less annoying than I
thought it was going to be of course
it's probably not running at full speed
right now let's do uh Wildlife extreme
stress test we already ran this but I'm
just experiencing it for myself for the
first time man it's crazy what you can
do on a mobile chipset these days is
that as loud as it gets okay well that's
not bad especially when you consider
here let's have a look at our historic
results this is the worst we got it to
do this isn't it stock configuration
without either of the clip-on coolers
and over a 20 minute stress test we only
reached about 60° by the end of it and
that is some really really strong result
stability too at around just shy of 94%
of the score after 20 minutes of what we
had on our first Loop what that means
essentially is if you start at 30 frames
per second you're going to end up at
around
28.6 frames per second after a 20-minute
gaming session that's pretty good now I
mentioned some clip-on accessories huh
here's the clamp on one you got a little
button to turn it on uh USBC port for
power oh I guess uh doesn't have its own
battery so you got to power with the
phone here we go one sec and it's a
little weird to me that you would have
an insulating rubberized layer I mean I
guess you don't want it to move around
but no it's thermoconductive silicone
wow that definitely increases the weight
a little bit oh I bet it comes with a
little short cable no it comes with a
long cable overall things have been
going really well up until now how about
a shorter USBC cable with the clip on
that RGB though
okay that's uh that's something the
button is apparently not to power it on
and off it just goes it's to change the
gear so it can either go in high gear or
eco mode and then if you hold it it
changes the RGB style speaking of
cooling their ice 13.0 magic cooling
system apparently features a
10,182 MM squared Vapor chamber which is
a lot less than it sounds like that's
only 100 square cm which is 10x 10 but
that's still a lot of surface NE to pack
into all the little structures inside
their Vapor chamber with this bad boy we
were able to achieve
96.3% frame rate stability which is not
as good as the magnetic one that's wait
a second does this have a pelta in it oh
that's chilly interesting as a first
party accessory all right sure oh cool I
don't have to have a big stupid clamp on
it the so is kind of up here so let's go
ahead and o no no no no Oh no I got this
no debrand be watching this L yeah lus
this is why we never let you put on our
skins
okay I probably wouldn't put it there
even if that does give me the best
performance and it really does we saw
greater than
99% performance stability with this
particular cooler on it coming back to
gamespace there's a lot to explore here
they've got different performance
profiles depending on whether you
prioritize battery life or performance
they've optimized their plug-in life
Library had Crosshair stopwatches cool
stuff like that and they've revamped
Mora she's their AI digital assistant
and maybe this is the kind of thing that
plays better in other markets that's
probably enough of Mora for me my wife
watches these she doesn't but look the
people who are in tomora you guys you
know you saw that you're like oh that
looks great and you got you guys go for
it but I it's uh let's talk about the
display a red magic claims a better Peak
brightness than they ever have before
and that much is true but we were not
able to attain the 1,600 nits that they
claim we're not quite sure how they
measured that we were able to hit just
over 1,00 nits which is plenty for
watching content in HDR but isn't what
they said so we'd like to see that
improved what was what they said was the
battery life we measured over 23 hours
in our endurance test playing back a
YouTube video at a fixed brightness and
about an hour 45 under under extreme
load pretty darn impressive I like the
aspect ratio it's 2480 X 1116 so it's a
little bit on the taller side really
responsive 960 HZ pulling rate on the
screen you can really feel it that's not
bad
hey not bad Distortion sets in around
80% that's as high as I would go but
this thing is flipping loud at 80% get
you some real stink eye on the bus loud
at 80% so don't do that just use the
headphone jack there's more to like
about the screen I didn't even mention
it 6.8 in 120 HZ AMOLED but where's the
camera hole punch that's right my
friends they are boasting a
93.7% screen to body ratio with an under
screen front-facing camera and there it
is huh that's pretty good there no no we
got it we got it we got it
there you can kind of see a shadow of it
that's pretty cool okay now let's see
how it holds
up yeah it is uh not the best selfie
camera I've ever
used it takes a lot of processing on
this boy to make it work but if you are
not that into selfies which a lot of
people aren't and you prioritize a
completely seamless screen experience
this is it and it's there in case of a
selfie emergency I guess and this has a
particular impact for gamers because
whole punch cameras tend to not have
touch sensitivity over top of them
meaning sometimes you can have to
rearrange your inputs not going to be a
problem here at least the rear camera is
markedly better very functional this is
the first phone that has made us go man
we need to re-evaluate our mobile game
benchmarking cuz most mobile apps are
FPS locked so they can't go higher than
whatever their target is 60 120 FPS
dolphin used to be just like an insane
stress test for phones but this thing
hit 1% loaves of 58 frames per second
like we're not going to be able to
differentiate between Snapdragon 8 gen 3
devices or at least barely what what are
we going to
do Yuzu oh well that's going to be
harder we've got one more accessory to
play around with the Shadow Blade 2 it's
got hall effect sticks and triggers
which I was not
expecting actually surprisingly nice
ergonomics different joysticks depending
on whether you like them small or you
like them grippy or okay that's pretty
cool joystick swaps are handled by just
popping off these magnetic tops it's
apparently compatible not only with red
magic phones but basically any phone you
like as long as it's got USBC and oh it
turns your USBC Jack into a USBC charger
charging port and a headphone jack that
was immediately detected love to see it
oh man PlayStation portal look out as
long as you've got like $800 to spend
for the top skew although to their
credit at least pricing hasn't gone up
since last gen which seems to be
something we can't really take for
granted anymore these days and it starts
at 650 for the 12 gig uh 256 gig version
M it's not compatible with the extra
cooler with the game pad on though let
fire up dolphin man I like this
thing feels surprisingly good got rip at
the back L4 R4 even the d-pad doesn't
suck I'm not the biggest fan of the
position of it but it doesn't suck all
right how do I use
items all right that'll do
it
it's not a skill issue it's it's a
settings issue Superstar hacks let's go
well that was the end of the race okay
well let's uh ignore that and uh
subscribe to Short Circuit see you later